[Chorus: x2]
I'm goin down down baby, yo' street in a range rover (c'mon)
Street sweeper baby, cocked ready to let it go (hot shit!)
Shimmy shimmy cocoa what? Listen to it pound
Light it up and take a puff, pass it to me now

You can find me, in St. Louis rolling on dubs
Smoking on dubs in clubs, blowing up like cocoa puffs
Sipping bud, getting perved and getting dubbed
Daps and hugs, mean mugs and shoulder shrugs
And it's all because, accumulated enough stretch
Just to navigate it, wood decorated on chrome
And it's candy painted, fans fainted, while I'm entertaining
Wild ain't it? How me and money end up hanging
I hang with Hannibal Lector (hot shit!) so feel me when I bring it
Sing it loud (what?) I'm from the Lou' and I'm proud
Run a mile, for the cause, I'm righteous above the law
Player my style's raw, I'm "born to mack" like Todd Shaw
Forget the fame, and the glamor
Give me d's with a rubber hammer
My grammar be's ebonics, gin tonic and chronic
Fuck bionic it's ironic, slamming niggas like onyx
Lunatics til the day I die
I run more game than the bulls and sonics

[Chorus]

Who say pretty boys can't be wild niggas?
Loud niggas, o.k. corral niggas
Foul niggas, run in the club and bust in the crowd nigga
How nigga? ask me again and it's going down nigga
Now nigga, come to the circus and watch me clown nigga
Pound niggas, what you be giving when I'm around nigga
Frown niggas, talking shit when I leave the town nigga
Say now, can you hoes come out to play now
Hey I'm, ready to cut you up any day now
Play by, my rules boo and you gon' stay high
May I, answer yo' third question like A.I.
Say hi, to my niggas left in the slamma
From St. Louis to Memphis
From Texas back up to Indiana, Chi-town
K.c. Motown to Alabama
L.A., New York Yankee niggas to Hotlanta
Louisiana, all my niggas wit "country grammar"
Smoking blunts in Savannah
Blow thirty mill' like I'm hammer

[Chorus]

Let's show these cats to make these millions
So you niggas quit acting silly, mon
Kid quicker than Billy, mon
Talking really and I need it mon
Foes I kick em freely mon, especially off remi, mon
Keys to my beemer, mon, holla at Beenie Man
See me, mon, cheifin' rolling deeper than any mon
Through Jennings mon, through you-city back up to Kingsland
Wit nice niggas, sheist niggas who snatch yo' life niggas
Trife niggas, who produce and sell the same beat twice, nigga
(hot shit!) Ice niggas, all over close to never sober
From broke to having dough, cause my price range is rover
Now I'm knocking like Jehovah, let me in now, let me in now
Bill Gates, Donald Trump let me in now
Spin now, I got money to lend my friends now
We in now, candy Benz, Kenwood and ten inches now
I win now (whoo!) fucking lesbian twins now
Seeing now, through the pen I make my ends now

[Chorus]
 