AHHHH!! Look out  it's the Funkadelic Funk for chumps 

who don't be knowin my name  I tear the frame out ya punks 

I make ya slide  make ya slip  make ya want to backflip 

I get biz with the skit  I DJ like Quik 

The topnotch of the block  cause I carry a glock 

Only hot rocks I'm hot  so give up the props 

My style is HUMMIN CUMMIN ATCHA  duck or get backed up 

Dispatcher: 'Red, get freaky to the rapture' 

So come on light the buddha check your honey while I scoop her 

The Soopafly, Jimmy fly Snooka rips the roof off 

Then hook off on your crew, to the check of one to two 

It's you, who? (AGA-AHHH! WWAAAAAH!) Redman with the Kung-Fu 

Come on and get down and boogie oogie with the ruffneck 

Hit women like Madonna all the way down to Smurfette 

But first get your tables I roast your whole record label kids 

Yo E (Whassup G?) Briiiiiidge! 



"Press rewind if I haven't blown your mind" (repeat 2X) 



I do the hustle like Russell, Rush the stage with Simmons 

Deadly venom, makes me Poison like Michael Bivins 

or a cobra, pop more pop, than Coca-Cola 

Next to Yoda I'm a Star at War, plus roller coaster 

I got my mind made up GURRRRL, come on and get it if you widdit troop 

Krush Groovin smooth as the lightning loops 

The kind of loops I sample from a James Brown group 

I give credit, cause I'm cautious, about lawsuits 

PsychoBetaP-Funk, got styles hard as tree trunks 

For real punk, you got a blunt, light it cause I need one 

And get down with the irrelevant funk to make ya jump 

with the fly human being, watch me freak it in Korean 



Chu ri ka pi kyura mulla kara 

Nu gu nya nada na na nun Redman 

Na bo da challan nom hana do upda ... 

... Nah Duke, forget it 



I rip shop in hip-hop I get props my lip rocks 

The rap stuff's more spooky than movies from Hitchcock 

Sit back relax let me rip to the funk track 

And press rewind if I haven't blown your mind ("REE-WIND!!" --> KRS-One) 



"Press rewind if I haven't blown your mind" 

"Press rewind if I.." 



HA-UHH, let me get busy with the funky fly stuff 

cause I cut your freakin eyes, fuck Bruce Willis because I die rough 

It's the Funkadelic Redman and I hit ya with the 

Funkadelic level, the P-Funk, the devil 

The spectular, Blackula, bust holes like Dracula 

Loaded of course, more Legend than Acura 

I'm swift, I like big spliffs so I tisk tisk a tasket 

Plus keep the glock in my basket 

I cough up a lung cause I freak it with the tongue 

cause I can 'Wax on! Wax off!' like Daniel-son 

Do the yea yea, boogey say up jump the boogey 

to the boogey to the boogey thanks to E cause he hooked me 

So fuck what ya heard, word to herb, cause I mack 

Framalama, plus I kick the grammar, straight from -- NEW JERZ 

It's the renegade rap Redman, really who rip rhymes in rough mode 

Yo, hold your breath while I explode! 



"Press rewind if I haven't blown your mind" 

"Press rewind if I haven't blown your mind"
 
