Intro: 
I say  the bridge is over  the bridge is over  biddy bye bye! 
The bridge is over  the bridge is over  hey  hey! 
The bridge is over  the bridge is over  biddy bye bye! 
The bridge is over  the bridge is over 
Verse One: 
You see me come in any dance wid de spliff of sensei 
Down with the sound called BDP 
If you want to join the crew well you must see me 
Ya can't sound like Shan or the one Marley 
Because Shan and Marley Marl dem-a-rhymin like they gay 
Pickin up the mic, mon, dem don't know what to say 
Sayin that hip-hop started out in Queensbridge 
Sayin lies like that, mon, you know dem can't live 
So I, tell them again, me come to tell them again, gwan! 
Tell them again, me come to tell them agaaain 
Tell them again, me come to tell them again, gwan! 
Tell them again, me come to te-ell them 
Manhattan keeps on makin it, Brooklyn keeps on takin it 
Bronx keeps creatin it, and Queens keeps on fakin it 
Verse Two: 
Di-di di-da, di di-di, dida di-day, aiy! 
All you sucka MC, won't you please come out to play, cause 
Here's an example of KRS-One, bo! 
Here's an example of KRS-One 
They wish to battle BDP, but they cannot 
They must be on the dick of who? DJ Scott LaRock 
Cause, we don't complain nor do we play the game of favors 
Boogie Down Productions comes in three different flavors 
Pick any dick for the flavor that you savor 
Mr. Magic might wish to come and try to save ya 
But instead of helpin ya out he wants the same thing I gave ya 
I finally figured it out, Magic mouth is used for suckin 
Roxanne Shante is only good for steady fuckin 
MC Shan and Marley Marl is really only bluffin 
Like Doug E. Fresh said "I tell you now, you ain't nuthin" 
Compared to Red Alert on KISS and Boogie Down Productions 
So easy now man, I me say easy now mon 
To KRS-One you know dem can't understand 
Me movin over there and then me movin over here 
This name of this routine is called Live At Union Square 
Square, square, square, ooooooooooooooooooooooo 
What's the matter with your MC, Marley Marl? 
Don't know you know that he's out of touch 
What's the matter with your DJ, MC Shan? 
On the wheels of steel Marlon sucks 
You'd better change what comes out your speaker 
You're better off talkin bout your wack Puma sneaker 
Cause Bronx created hip-hop, Queens will only get dropped 
You're still tellin lies to me 
Everybody's talkin bout the Juice Crew funny 
But you're still tellin lies to me
 